this is a brand-new Nissan Frontier
pro-4x with an as-tested price of over
$36,000 it's way too expensive it's also
way too old way too small and with a MPG
combined of 17 way to thirsty but it's
also way too much fun let me show you
next on the fast lane truck
hey try this at home with your HD truck
or even your after oh look I reached
into the bat and pulled out a tripod you
know there's a lot to be said for these
small and tidy little trucks as compared
to the massive off-road bruisers that
most new trucks have become more than
that because it's a truck and because it
feels like a truck it's a lot of fun fix
that it's a lot of fun to drive it feels
well screwed together every input is
really honest there we go
now we're talking how the stones are
fine oh I looked in a tree sorry
this here is a proper pick em up truck
you're looking at a 4 litre v6 that puts
out 261 horsepower and 280 1 pound foot
of torque I mean that is so much for
such a small little truck that's the
good news
it also has none of them fancy fangled
10 speed transmissions no no no no
indeed it has a high speed
when there's a big rock coming up ahead
which really tests the pickup because
it's well it's a big rock
hey guys check out the inside yeah maybe
not this has been around so long you
know what it looks like it's starting to
feel very well late 90s if I'm being
honest but there are a lot of good parts
about it you can get navigation you can
get the little backup camera with the
beeping of course it's all on a little
tiny screen which is also starting to
feel a little bit dated but this is a
small and tidy truck and since it's been
around for so long everything has been
worked out there are very few unexpected
and unwanted issues you're going to get
with the frontier if you buy 2015
aggressive tires plenty of ground
clearance
great approach angles great departure
angles and that's also bad break over
angle it's everything you want in an
off-road truck
Plus look over here I got held assent
I've got a low range I also have a
lockable rear differential these are the
ingredients that make a truck
unstoppable and you got about here plus
you've got heated seats and even leather
alright guys let's talk infuse them a
little bit all right you guys know this
and I know this this truck is well
beyond old there's a brand new Tacoma
that's about the hip in Detroit there is
a completely new and redone Colorado and
of course the stablemate the GMC Canyon
so this truck is past its prime but if
I'm being honest
this truck is well the best word is on
it
here you are in a proper truck I mean a
proper truck it feels well screwed
together it feels solid and it just
feels like a good old truck I mean
there's something great about having
confidence that it's going to be very
difficult to get stuck
I started this review by saying it was
way too small but you know what being
small is not all that bad it means that
you can get in out of tight positions
you can actually Park it which you can't
do with many of these so-called new
midsize trucks and it feels well there I
say a cozy
the road now officially open
overall it's a really solid truck it's
fun to drive and feels like it's really
solidly built
is it worth $36,000 well I'll leave that
to you guys to decide as always this is
rhomin
reporting for the fast lane truck check
out TfL truck comm for more news use and
all sorts of truck reviews ciao so
here's a secret Andre wanted us to get
butter shots of this because it was too
easy so he wants me to go over this rock
again but this time I put it into yield
drive just to get some wheel spin going
put in before Hey